Eopseupnikka product is bra Pullman ssomyeo How about learning the game
Do you think
# 2 came out, but I can hardly blow up the drive.
I 'm so sorry. I can not tell you anything.
Are you going
Eunikka five before that could ever beat children under pumdeon also keep a little because there
Is it love, you do not have the word you want to share the pain to his family, children
I'm really sorry Legaspi who embraced after thumb injury
We provide and reflect deeply,
How are you feeling now
Cctv's out, but did you admit that you were charged with assault
I will see you as a child with a 9 year old plan .
Are you trying to pick one word style syeotdaneun eopseupnikka introduced the dancers from the
You have not hit him.
Added g20 and squeezed additional knowledge to length
Will not you admit it? The police will be investigating it and changing it.
Because you did.
Did you acknowledge that the cctv has been publicized since it was published?
[music]
Please pray for my mother.
If you tell me at 8 o'clock, I jump quickly
You do not accept charges against additional cctv.
Do you tell this jusijyo Yeo Min-jeong
There is no caring for children deliberately.
You have not been on the loop, but you've never been without it.
Do you have slept or slept in the house ?
I mean, you do not have kids that are dead .
I see the start of one who is so good to the kids head
Oh, by the Seine incident
It was really synovial, but I do not like it.
It standing too inflated inflated to delete Hangul me until I'm still not
For overturning
So, do you have a good position for additional cctv ?
Because it was a situation where I could eat it and eat it.
Pearl obvious rest is sold itguyo known cases
The witness testified that only one kid is sorry for you.
To all the wrongs
It's not always good .
4 cases